1) What is Python?
Ans) Python is a general purpose, high level, interpreted, and dynamically typed programming language created by guido van rossum in 1991.

2) Is python programming language or scripting?
Ans) Python is capable of scripting but in general sence it is consider as general programming language.

3) what are comments in python?
Ans) Comments are used to make code more readable.
     Types of comments:- 
     1) single line comments are defined using #
     2) multiline comments are defined using doc strings '''     '''
     
4) What is String?
Ans) String is sequence of characters.
     Ex: 'Hello world'
     
5) Features of Python?
Ans) High level, 
     Interpreted,
     Large standard Libraries,
     Object oriented,
     Dynamically support,
     Cross platfrom,
     GUI support,
     Portable,
     Flexiable, 
     Free and Open Source,
     Huge community support.
     
6) What is programming Language?
Ans) A programming language is the only way to give instructions to the computers, we will give it as manual instruction and it follows.

7) What is Variables?
Ans) Variables are containers for storing data values. A variable is created at the moment when you assign a value to it.
     Ex: variable = 'Hello World!'
     
8) Is Python case-sensitive?
Ans) Yes, Python is case sensitive language.
     Ex: 'Hello' is not same as 'hello'
     
9) What are In-built data types in Python? 
Ans) Text Type : str
     Numeric Type: int, float, complex
     Sequence Type: list, tuple, range
     Mapping Type: dict
     Set type : set, frozenset.
     Boolean Type: bool
     Binary Types: bytearray, bytes, memoryview.
     
10) Difference between list and tuple?
Ans) list:- list are mutable, list are slower than tuple.
     Ex: fruits = ['apple', 'graps']
     tuple: tuples are immutable, faster than list.
     Ex: names = ('gunasekhar', 'thrilok')
     
11) What is identation?
Ans) Identations are the white spaces at the begining of the code, where in other programming languages indentation is used for only 
     code readability, but in python indentation refers a block of code.
     Ex: name = 'gunasekhar'
         if 'e' in name:
            print('yes')
         else:
            print('no')
            
12) What is intergers?
Ans) Integers or int is a whole number, positive number, negative number with out decimal points with infinite length.
     Ex: x = 23

13) What is float?
Ans) float or floating point number is a positive number, or negative number with decimals points infinite length. 
     Ex: y = 23.3
          
14) Python an interpreted language. Explain?
Ans) An interpreted programming language is any programming language which is not in machine level code before run time. Therefore python is interpreted programming language.

15) Difference between Dynamically typed and statically typed?
Ans) Dynamically typed languages checks the data type during the execution.
     Statically typed languages checks the data type before execution.
     
16) What is Camel Case?
Ans) Each word except first, starts with capital leter.
     Ex: myVariableName
     
17) What is Pascal Case?
Ans) Each word starts with a capital letter.
     Ex: MyVariableName

18) What is Snake case?
Ans) Each word is separated by underscore character. 
     Ex: my_variable_name
     
19) What is unpack a collection?
Ans) If you have a collection of values in a list, tuple, etc., Python allows you to extrac the values into variables. This is called unpacking.

20) What is Interpreted?
Ans) Python Interpreter translates line by line, after execution of each line.

21) What is compiler?
Ans) Compiler translates all the lines and convert into a byte file and then executes the file.
